= minitest-allow

home :: https://github.com/seattlerb/minitest-allow
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest-allow

== DESCRIPTION:

Allows you to provide an exclusion list of allowed failures/errors.
Failures and errors on this list still get run and reported as usual,
but do not cause a non-zero exit code. This enables you to have a
green CI with against a list of known bad tests.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Run with `-A path/to/allowed.yml` to generate a list of failing tests.
* Run with `-a path/to/allowed.yml` to allow listed tests to fail.

== SYNOPSIS:

  % ruby -Ilib test/has_known_bad_tests.rb -a allow.yml; echo $?
  # or: rake test TESTOPTS="-a allow.yml"

  Run options: -a allow.yml --seed 5200

  # Running:

  ...F...

  Finished in 0.000325s, 3076.9239 runs/s, 3076.9239 assertions/s.

    1) Failure:
  TestMinitest::TestAllow#test_sanity [test/minitest/test_allow_plugin.rb:8]:
  write tests or I will kneecap you

  7 runs, 7 assertions, 1 failures, 0 errors, 0 skips
  0

== REQUIREMENTS:

* minitest 5+

== INSTALL:

* [sudo] gem install minitest-allow

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
